感谢您乘坐“复兴号”动车组列车。
Thank you for taking the Fu Xing train.
欢迎乘坐本次列车！列车当前停靠北京丰台，车次：G63，区间：北京丰台-太原南，下一站：石家庄。
Welcome aboard this train! The train is now stopping at Beijingfengtai, Train Code: G63, Beijingfengtai-Taiyuannan, Next Station: Shijiazhuang.
欢迎乘坐本次列车！车次：G63，区间：北京丰台-太原南，下一站：石家庄。
Welcome aboard this train! Train Code: G63, Beijingfengtai-Taiyuannan, Next Station: Shijiazhuang.
欢迎乘坐本次列车！列车已经到达太原南，车次：G63，区间：北京丰台-太原南。
Welcome aboard this train! The train has arrived at Beijingfengtai, Train Code: G63, Beijingfengtai-Taiyuannan.
列车中途停靠：北京丰台 石家庄 太原南。
Stops at: Beijingfengtai Shijiazhuang Taiyuannan.
列车即将到达石家庄，下车时请注意脚下安全。
The train is going to stop at Shijiazhung, please mind your step while getting off.
前方距离石家庄不足10公里，到站乘客请做好下车准备！
Next station is Shijiazhuang, passengers please get ready to get off.
列车当前时速：350 km/h。
Speed: 350 km/h.
车内温度：22℃，车外温度：10℃。
Interior temperature: 22℃, Outside temperature: 10℃.
G63 21:00
请将行李架上的物品摆放稳妥，避免掉落。
Please put your luggage safely.
下车的旅客请整理好行李物品提前在车门处等候。
请您携带好行李物品，避免遗忘。
Please take your belongings with you before getting off.
取放行李架上的物品时，注意拿稳扶好，避免掉落。
大件行李、铁质小车、儿童推车等，放至大件行李架。
请妥善保管好自己的物品，谨防拿错。
Please mind your personal belongings in case of loss by mistake.
中国铁路客户服务中心电话：0351-12306，网址www.12306.cn。
Railway customer service phone: 0351-12306, website: www.12306.cn, available 24 hours.
倾听旅客声音、服务瞬间到达，欢迎致电0351-12306，一路相伴、值得信赖！
欢迎下载使用“铁路12306”手机APP。
Welcome to download and use the "12306 China Railway" nobile app.
列车全列禁烟（含电子烟），禁止携带危险品乘车。
No smoking. Dangerous articles prohibited.
请家长照顾好您的孩子，不要在车厢内奔跑、打闹。
Please take good care of your children. No running or romping about in the coach.
使用电子产品时请勿外放声音，保持安静。
Please keep the carriage quiet and avoid playing sounds from electronic devices out loud.
小桌板承重有限，请勿放重物或趴伏。
In order to avoid damages, please do not weight on the folding table or sleep on it.
接开水时请不要接的过满，避免溢出烫伤。
Please do not overfill when receiving boiling water to avoid scalds caused by overflow.
如需帮助请扫描扶手二维码或咨询乘务人员。
If you need help, please look up the Service Guide by scanning the QR code on the handrail or talk to the attendants.
请爱护车内设施，请勿擅自操作紧急装置。
Please take good care of the equipment and facilities in the coach.
沿途停站时间短，请勿远离列车。
Please do not wander far from the train during short station stops.
请勿将杂物扔到便器内，不要手扶门缝，防止夹伤。
Please do not dispose of any items into the toilet bowl and avoid holding onto the door gap to prevent injury.
请注意车内行走安全，以免发生意外。
Please be mindful of your safely while walking inside the train to avoid accidents.
补票的旅客，请扫描座椅扶手或通过台处二维码。
Passengers needing to upgrade their tickets, please scan the QR code on the armrest or at the counter.
请节约用水，自觉保护车内清洁。
Please conserve water and maintain cleanliness inside the train.
请小心站台间隙。
Please mind the gap between the train and the platform.
欢迎您再次乘坐我们的列车。
We look forward to seeing you again.
车内实现WiFi覆盖，您可自行连接。
请不要在厕所内使用香水、防晒喷雾等自喷压力容器。
为方便大家上下车，每节车厢列车运行方向的前门为下车门，后方为上车门，下车的旅客请提前做好准备。
对扰乱站车秩序、在列车上吸烟、拒不补票等7种行为的旅客，依据国家相关部委的规定，铁路部门将限制其购票乘车，请自觉遵守有关规定。
欢迎乘坐中国铁路太原局集团有限公司太原客运段担当的列车。
诚实守信，凭票乘车，文明出行，共建和谐。
讲文明，树新风，有序乘车，文明出行。
旅途漫漫，文明相伴。
守护清洁环境，让旅途更美丽。
一言一行树形象，一举一动见文明。
文明伴我行，公德在我心。
尊老爱幼，助人为乐。
诚信友善，文明出行！
和谐铁路，创造美好生活新时代！
不忘初心，牢记使命；交通强国，铁路先行！